# CS305
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a company that works with individuals to create individualized financial plans. This means the employees and the systems there handle sensitive information about client’s financial status as well as account numbers for different financial accounts. The company was looking to address their need to keep all personal details and financial data safe when data is transmitted from the web interface.
What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
I implemented the dependency check well and was able to find it's location. I understand how to go about suppressing the vulnerabilities when needed. However, I am still struggling with understanding which vulnerabilities I would need to suppress. Secure coding is important as it keeps data safe from attacks on the system. This means not only is the data for the company safe, but also employee and client data as well. Software security creates a sense of trust between the company and other entities. This could mean other businesses that the company works with, the clients, or the employees who trust the company with things like their social security numbers and their direct deposit information.
Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
As previously stated, I do need a better understanding of which vulnerabilities to suppress. However, I think that understanding will come to me as I progress through and understand more of what each vulnerability specifically refers to and how it affects the code overall.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
Layers of security were increased through automated testing of the software via the dependency check as well as through manually checking the vulnerabilities listed and suppressing the ones that needed to be suppressed. As I was researching the vulnerabilities to try and figure out which ones to suppress, I came across articles and forums that suggested using more than one automated check, and I think in the future I would want to implement more than one reputable automated check as it seems it would be a better way to address more security concerns. As far as mitigation techniques, that would depend on which vulnerabilities were found and what the industry best practice for safeguarding against it would be.
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
Implementing the dependency check as well as the certificate and the checksum. Once the code was refactored, the dependency check is ran again to see if there are any new vulnerabilities listed, upon which those would be addressed if there were.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The dependency check will be useful in the future, specifically understanding how to use the dependency check when it's another coding language or IDE being used. Understanding the best coding practices will always be helpful, and knowing and understanding that there are some semi-automated ways to check your code for vulnerabilities is a great reminder that we don't have to do everything perfectly as long as we are willing to check our work and modify and adjust it as needed.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
The ability to create the dependency check, create the certificate, and refactor the code to implement the needed changes based on the vulnerabilities listed in the dependency check report.
